README.md, before:

# Inkscape Artist Signature
#### An extension for Inkscape artists to put their name in their art
### About

This project is pretty new and for sure it's not perfect and has some issues, 
but I hope to make it better and for it to actually be useful one day.

### Features

For now, you can:
- Choose your artist name
- Choose text size
- Select an image and choose where you want to put it on your image(there are options for each corner and the center)
- Pick the color you want your signature to be in

### How to use ?

1. Download the zip file / clone the repository
2. Extract the zip
3. Put the two artist_signature files(the .inx and .py ones) in your inkscape extensions directory
4. Open Inkscape and you'll find the extension in >extension/artist
5. Select your image/drawing
6. Put your artist name, choose text size, text placement and text color
7. Click apply. Done! You have your signature!

### Contribute

You want to contribute? Nice! Here's how you can help:

- If you tried the program and have had some issues/ideas, you can add them to this repository!
- Also, you can always fork this project, make a branch, create/correct a feature and then make a pull request!

### Special thanks
Special thanks to [Neon22](https://github.com/Neon22) for his [extension template](https://github.com/Neon22/inkscape_extension_template) which has been and is still very useful in the creation of this extension and in the understanding of inkscape extensions.

Commit message:

Added social media feature description in readme

README.md, after:

# Inkscape Artist Signature
#### An extension for Inkscape artists to put their name in their art
### About

This project is pretty new and for sure it's not perfect and has some issues, 
but I hope to make it better and for it to actually be useful one day.

### Features

For now, you can:
- Choose your artist name
- Choose text size
- Select an image and choose where you want to put it on your image(there are options for each corner and the center)
- Pick the color you want your signature to be in
- Choose a social media preset that format your name as this social media username

### How to use ?

1. Download the zip file / clone the repository
2. Extract the zip
3. Put the two artist_signature files(the .inx and .py ones) in your inkscape extensions directory
4. Open Inkscape and you'll find the extension in >extension/artist
5. Select your image/drawing
6. Put your artist name, choose text size, text placement. Change text color and social media too if you want!
7. Click apply. Done! You have your signature!

### Contribute

You want to contribute? Nice! Here's how you can help:

- If you tried the program and have had some issues/ideas, you can add them to this repository!
- Also, you can always fork this project, make a branch, create/correct a feature and then make a pull request!

### Special thanks
Special thanks to [Neon22](https://github.com/Neon22) for his [extension template](https://github.com/Neon22/inkscape_extension_template) which has been and is still very useful in the creation of this extension and in the understanding of inkscape extensions.
